### **Is Our Current Consent Practice Good?**
Our current consent practice is not very good because it is not very broad and comprehensive. If an online store had that short text on its pages, I would immediately suspect the site of being a scam. When a site collects personally identifiable information (PII), it is important to comply with global data protection standards such as GDPR. Leaking personal information has harmful consequences, as we have read and seen in the news, so the reliability and transparency of the site matter. It is important to tell users what personal data is collected for and what consent mechanisms are used for. Personal data can be collected for data collection, analytics, marketing or personalization, so the person must be aware of it.

### **Example Page Requiring Consent**
I took the privacy policy of the newspaper Kaleva as an example website. The website first states that all personal information is provided by the user himself. Then the site lists all the information the site collects, such as personal information, student status, customer-related information, and information related to advertising and online behavior.In addition, the site automatically collects information on which device and how the site is used, such as whether the site is directed to via links and how long and at what time the user spends time on the site. In addition, the site explains the purposes for which personal data is collected, what the customer's rights are, and when personal data is disclosed to third parties.